v4/assembly-instructions/1-parts.md, before:

# Parts List

The first step in building a Frog Sensor is to get all of the parts. You can find the [parts list or Bill of Materials (BOM) here.](../ribbit_network_frog_sensor_bom.csv)

The document linked above contains quantities and links to purchase all of the parts you'll need to build a Frog.

Note that there are several 3D printed parts that you'll need to 3D print yourself. The next section will cover that in more detail.

<img src="images/electric_components.jpg" width="300"> 
<img src="images/hardware.jpg" width="300">
<img src="images/enclosure_components.jpg" width="300">

## Tools

Additionally, the assembly instructions call for these tools:
* Custom Ribbit 5mm socket/driver, or standard.  Both options shown
* Small phillips screwdriver
* Cyanoacrylate adhesive

<img src="images/tools3.jpg" width="300">

## Next Step
[3D Printing](2-3d-printing.md)

## Table of Contents
[Return to the Beginning](0-start-here.md)

## Need Help?
No problem! The Ribbit Network team is here for you! We have lots of ways to connect. Jump in and ask your question or provide a suggestion!
* [Start a discussion here](https://github.com/Ribbit-Network/ribbit-network-frog-sensor/discussions/new)
* [Join the Developer Discord](https://discord.gg/vq8PkDb2TC)

Commit message:

Instructions/part list Update (#215)
* Updated Assembly Instructions

Updated instructions to account for the changes made to the base of V4.  Also added some pictures of the various hanging options.

* Updated Assembly Instructions

Edits to #3 and #4 to add more specifics.

* Update Instructions

Added details to the credentials section of the software instructions.
Added a link to an Adafruit wishlist in the parts sections and an explanation on how to load that wishlist into your cart.

v4/assembly-instructions/1-parts.md, after:

# Parts List

The first step in building a Frog Sensor is to get all of the parts. You can find the complete parts list or [Bill of Materials (BOM) here.](../ribbit_network_frog_sensor_bom.csv)

All of the parts from Adafruit can be found in this wishlist:
http://www.adafruit.com/wishlists/574723

Scroll to the bottom of the wish list and click the "Add All to Cart" button

<img src="images/wishlist.jpg" width="300">

The BOM document contains links to purchase the other components (excepts the 3D printed parts).

Note that there are several 3D printed parts that you'll need to 3D print yourself. The next section will cover that in more detail.

<img src="images/electric_components.jpg" width="300"> 
<img src="images/hardware.jpg" width="300">
<img src="images/enclosure_components.jpg" width="300">

## Tools

Additionally, the assembly instructions call for these tools:
* Custom Ribbit 5mm socket/driver, or standard.  Both options shown
* Small phillips screwdriver
* Cyanoacrylate adhesive

<img src="images/tools3.jpg" width="300">

## Next Step
[3D Printing](2-3d-printing.md)

## Table of Contents
[Return to the Beginning](0-start-here.md)

## Need Help?
No problem! The Ribbit Network team is here for you! We have lots of ways to connect. Jump in and ask your question or provide a suggestion!
* [Start a discussion here](https://github.com/Ribbit-Network/ribbit-network-frog-sensor/discussions/new)
* [Join the Developer Discord](https://discord.gg/vq8PkDb2TC)
