hardware/v2/README.md, before:

## Ribbit Frog V2
This is the hardware respository that contains all the design files for the physical assembly of the Frog Sensor.

## Bill of Materials (Parts List)

The hardware [Bill of Materials is located here.](ribbit_network_frog_sensor_bom.csv)

We also have an on-going effort to create different versions of the Bill of Materials that  are localized to different regions. See the [Folder here](https://github.com/Ribbit-Network/ribbit-network-frog-sensor/tree/main/hardware/v1/international_boms) for our current list. We welcome any new contributions!

## Electronics Block Diagram
![Block Diagram](frog_sensor.drawio.svg)

The diagram above can be edited with drawio or with the awesome [Draw.io Visual Studio Code Plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hediet.vscode-drawio)

## Assembly Instructions
Assembly instructions for V2 can be found [here](assembly-instructions/0-start-here.md).

## Main Readme
[Head back to the main readme for more info!](https://github.com/Ribbit-Network/ribbit-network-sensor)

Commit message:

International BOM
Added info around helping create international BOMs and created folders for each version.

hardware/v2/README.md, after:

## Ribbit Frog V2
This is the hardware respository that contains all the design files for the physical assembly of the Frog Sensor.

## Bill of Materials (Parts List)

The hardware [Bill of Materials is located here.](ribbit_network_frog_sensor_bom.csv)

We also have an on-going effort, and are currently in need of help, creating different versions of the Bill of Materials that are localized to different regions.  International BOMs can be stored in this [Folder](https://github.com/Ribbit-Network/ribbit-network-frog-sensor/tree/main/hardware/v2/international_boms).  We welcome any new contributions!

## Electronics Block Diagram
![Block Diagram](frog_sensor.drawio.svg)

The diagram above can be edited with drawio or with the awesome [Draw.io Visual Studio Code Plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hediet.vscode-drawio)

## Assembly Instructions
Assembly instructions for V2 can be found [here](assembly-instructions/0-start-here.md).

## Main Readme
[Head back to the main readme for more info!](https://github.com/Ribbit-Network/ribbit-network-sensor)
