hardware/v3/assembly-instructions/3-software.md, before:

# Software

Now it's time to install the software we need on the SD card for the Frog Sensor. 
You'll need an SD card reader and SD card for this step.

## Download the software
The Ribbit Network team uses a service called [balena](https://www.balena.io/) to manage the software updates for all Frog sensors.

In order to add your sensor to the Ribbit Network, you'll need to download the latest software from our balena Fleet and flash it to the SD card.

To do this, [visit this link.](https://hub.balena.io/g_keenan_johnson1/ribbit-network) You'll see the image below. Click on the "Get Started" button

![Balena Fleet](images/balena_fleet.png)

The next screen will present you with a few options. For device, select 
Raspberry Pi CM4.
For network conenction, you'll want to select "Wifi + Ethernet" and enter your wifi connection details. Don't worry, these are kept secret and no one on the balena or Ribbit Network team can ever access them.

![Balena Download](images/balena_image_download.png)

Once that's done, click the "Download balenaOS" button at the bottom and follow the instructions shown on the right!

## Flash the SD Card
You will need to download a program called [Etcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher/) to flash the downloaded file onto the SD Card.

Once Etcher is installed and you have the image, do the following:

1. Click "Select image" and find your fleet's balenaOS image file.
2. If you haven't already done so, insert your SD card into your computer. Etcher will automatically detect it. If you have more than one SD card inserted, you will need to select the appropriate one.
3. Click the "Flash!" button.

# Insert the SD Card into the Beagle
Now that the SD card is ready to go, remove it from your computer and insert it 
into the Beaglebone Green Gateway per the instructions from Balena.

Power up the BeagleBone Green Gateway while holding down the small button near 
the SD slot. You need to keep it pressed until the blue LEDs start flashing wildly.

Wait 5 seconds after the blue leds stopped flashing wildly, 
then remove power from the board. On some boards the leds will shut down completely.
Remove the balenaOS installation media.

Now you're device has it's software and is ready to go!

## Next Step
[Sensor Placement](4-assembly.md)

## Table of Contents
[Return to the Beginning](0-start-here.md)

## Need Help?
No problem! The Ribbit Network team is here for you! We have lots of ways to connect. Jump in and ask your question or provide a suggestion!
* [Start a discussion here](https://github.com/Ribbit-Network/ribbit-network-frog-sensor/discussions/new)
* [Join the Developer Discord](https://discord.gg/vq8PkDb2TC)

Commit message:

PR to address Issue #160 and #170 (#177)
Added pictures of inserting the SD card and changed the section about inserting the SD card from Beaglebone focused to Raspberry Pi focused.

* Assembly Instructions Update

Added a step with pictures to explain how to clip the antenna cable onto the CM4.

hardware/v3/assembly-instructions/3-software.md, after:

# Software

Now it's time to install the software we need on the SD card for the Frog Sensor. 
You'll need an SD card reader and SD card for this step.

## Download the software
The Ribbit Network team uses a service called [balena](https://www.balena.io/) to manage the software updates for all Frog sensors.

In order to add your sensor to the Ribbit Network, you'll need to download the latest software from our balena Fleet and flash it to the SD card.

To do this, [visit this link.](https://hub.balena.io/g_keenan_johnson1/ribbit-network) You'll see the image below. Click on the "Get Started" button

![Balena Fleet](images/balena_fleet.png)

The next screen will present you with a few options. For device, select 
Raspberry Pi CM4.
For network conenction, you'll want to select "Wifi + Ethernet" and enter your wifi connection details. Don't worry, these are kept secret and no one on the balena or Ribbit Network team can ever access them.

![Balena Download](images/balena_image_download.png)

Once that's done, click the "Download balenaOS" button at the bottom and follow the instructions shown on the right!

## Flash the SD Card
You will need to download a program called [Etcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher/) to flash the downloaded file onto the SD Card.

Once Etcher is installed and you have the image, do the following:

1. Click "Select image" and find your fleet's balenaOS image file.
2. If you haven't already done so, insert your SD card into your computer. Etcher will automatically detect it. If you have more than one SD card inserted, you will need to select the appropriate one.
3. Click the "Flash!" button.

# Insert the SD Card into the Raspberry Pi carrier board
Now that the SD card is ready to go, remove it from your computer and insert it into the Raspberry Pi carrier board SD card slot on the bottom of the board.

<img src="images/sd_card_slot.jpg" width="300"> <img src="images/sd_card.jpg" height="310">

## Next Step
[Sensor Placement](4-assembly.md)

## Table of Contents
[Return to the Beginning](0-start-here.md)

## Need Help?
No problem! The Ribbit Network team is here for you! We have lots of ways to connect. Jump in and ask your question or provide a suggestion!
* [Start a discussion here](https://github.com/Ribbit-Network/ribbit-network-frog-sensor/discussions/new)
* [Join the Developer Discord](https://discord.gg/vq8PkDb2TC)
