hardware/v3/README.md, before:

## Ribbit Frog V3
This is the hardware respository that contains all the design files for the physical assembly of the Frog Sensor.

## Bill of Materials (Parts List)

The hardware [Bill of Materials is located here.](ribbit_network_frog_sensor_bom.csv)


We also have an on-going effort to create different versions of the Bill of Materials that  are localized to different regions. See the [Folder here](international_boms) for our current list. We welcome any new contributions!

# Mechanical CAD Files
The mechanical design files are hosted on Onshape. Onshape is available to use for free with public assemblies and you can create a copy of the assembly for any edits you would like to amek.

[Link to Onshape Assembly](https://cad.onshape.com/documents/b3e6eeabf50d585d20f25fc6/w/2fa6bafe80aa9fa665cb25df/e/634db96a0c5d4c7b0ff00c45?renderMode=0&uiState=632b4e35ed490e04156b3ae7)

## Electronics Block Diagram
![Block Diagram](frog_sensor.drawio.svg)

The diagram above can be edited with drawio or with the awesome [Draw.io Visual Studio Code Plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hediet.vscode-drawio)

## Assembly Instructions
Assembly instructions for V3 can be found [here](assembly-instructions/0-start-here.md).

## Main Readme
[Head back to the main readme for more info!](https://github.com/Ribbit-Network/ribbit-network-sensor)

Commit message:

Fixing Broken Link related to issue #154 (#155)
Added info around helping create international BOMs and created folders for each version.

hardware/v3/README.md, after:

## Ribbit Frog V3
This is the hardware respository that contains all the design files for the physical assembly of the Frog Sensor.

## Bill of Materials (Parts List)

The hardware [Bill of Materials is located here.](ribbit_network_frog_sensor_bom.csv)


We also have an on-going effort, and are currently in need of help, creating different versions of the Bill of Materials that are localized to different regions.  International BOMs can be stored in this [Folder](https://github.com/Ribbit-Network/ribbit-network-frog-sensor/tree/main/hardware/v3/international_boms).  We welcome any new contributions!


# Mechanical CAD Files
The mechanical design files are hosted on Onshape. Onshape is available to use for free with public assemblies and you can create a copy of the assembly for any edits you would like to amek.

[Link to Onshape Assembly](https://cad.onshape.com/documents/b3e6eeabf50d585d20f25fc6/w/2fa6bafe80aa9fa665cb25df/e/634db96a0c5d4c7b0ff00c45?renderMode=0&uiState=632b4e35ed490e04156b3ae7)

## Electronics Block Diagram
![Block Diagram](frog_sensor.drawio.svg)

The diagram above can be edited with drawio or with the awesome [Draw.io Visual Studio Code Plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hediet.vscode-drawio)

## Assembly Instructions
Assembly instructions for V3 can be found [here](assembly-instructions/0-start-here.md).

## Main Readme
[Head back to the main readme for more info!](https://github.com/Ribbit-Network/ribbit-network-sensor)
